We lit, bruh
Yeah (hello?)
I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (hello?)
What? What? Uh (Cash, Cash), huh? (Cash, Cash)
I think the Xans tryna tell me something (Cash, what?)
I came in with a cool hundred (huh? Came in with a cool hundred)
And I got some bitches comin' (yeah, and I got some bitches comin')
And I got some bitches callin' (what?)
(Blatt, blatt, blatt, blatt)
Yeah (yeah)
I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (for the low)
Sell a P, sell a O, sell it for the low (for the low)
If she top, I'm in love, I'ma let it go (I'm in love)
Let it go on your block, we gon' do a show (let it go)
Let it go on your block, I'ma do a show (yeah)
He a pussy, he a opp, he gon' call the po' (yeah)
All my niggas, they on go, they on fuckin' go (what?)
Got the pole with the scope, know I keep a pole (huh, wow)
Why these niggas, why these mans actin' like some hoes? (Yeah)
In my Ksubi jeans (fuck these niggas)
Bankroll, bankroll, bankroll (yeah)
That bitch all on me (what? Go)
TerRio, TerRio, TerRio
Got a stripper bitch that bend on me (cash)
J. Lo, J. Lo, J. Lo (I came in, what? What?)
I came in with a cool hundred (I came in with a cool hundred)
And I got some bitches comin' (and I got some bitches comin')
And I got some bitches callin' (and I got some bitches callin')
Yeah (yeah)
I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (for the low)
Sell a P, sell a O, sell it for the low (yeah)
If she top, I'm in love, I'ma let it go (blatt, blatt)
Let it go on your block, we gon' do a show (do a show, uh, ooh)
Fuck that bitch, I go too dumb (blatt)
Rick Owens on top of ones
We don't do no one-on-ones (blatt)
Put that Xanny on your tongue
Rock the show out like a punk
She the type of bitch that love to fuck (blatt)
Baby, you the chosen one
And, baby, I don't fuck with none
Fell asleep in LA, woke up to the sun, ooh
Fuck my PO, he know I got hella guns (yeah)
Ooh, and shoutout my OG, he know he keep in one, uh
Fuck that SGP, he know I brung the phonk (Cash, Cash, what?)
Hit him with the pump, leave him in the trunk (Cash)
Uh, would have fucked your baby mama but it stunk (yeah)
Uh, beat a nigga ass, leave a nigga lumped (whoa, what? What? What?)
I came in with a cool hundred (blatt, what? What?)
And I got some bitches comin' (blatt, what? What?)
And I got some bitches callin' (blatt, ooh, beep, beep, what? What?)
Uh, yeah (yeah)
I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (I'm with Dro)
Sell a P, sell a O, sell it for the low (for the low)
If she top, I'm in love, I'ma let it go (I'm in love)
Let it go on your block, we gon' do a show (whoa, beep)
